Crowler: THAT DORM
IS STAYING PUT!
OVER MY DEAD BODY!
FINE BY ME!
NOW, GENTLEMEN.
YOU CAN'T ORDER
THE DEMOLITION!
YOU LACK
THE AUTHORITY!
AU CONTRAIRE.
READ THE RULES!
'CAUSE I'M INVOKING
ARTICLE 217.
BUT WHAT DO
BATHROOM PASSES HAVE
TO DO WITH THIS?
WRONG ARTICLE,
CHANCELLOR!
ARTICLE 217 STATES,
"SHOULD THE CHANCELLOR
LOSE HIS MIND,
THE VICE-CHANCELLOR
OBTAINS ALL CONTROL."
WHAT!? PLEASE!
IF ANYONE HERE
HAS LOST HIS MIND,
IT'S YOU!
YOU'RE OBSESSED
WITH TEARING DOWN
A DORMITORY!
THOSE SLACKERS
DESERVE IT!
YOU'RE CERTIFIABLY
INSANE!
BESIDES IF THAT DORM
DOES GET DEMOLISHED,
I WANT TO GET
CREDIT FOR IT!
SO THE TRUTH COMES OUT!
ALL YOU CARE ABOUT
IS YOUR OWN EGO!
ERR.
HMPH.
THOSE SLIFER REDS
ARE RUINING THIS
SCHOOL'S REPUTATION.
AND AS FOR YOU,
MON FRERE...
NAME ONE THING THAT
YOU'VE DONE TO IMPROVE
THE PUBLIC IMAGE
OF THIS INSTITUTION.
UH... I DON'T NEED
TO DEFEND MYSELF.
THE RED DORM STAYS,
AND THAT'S FINAL.
HMM. IN THE TRADITION
OF THIS SCHOOL,
LET'S SETTLE THE MATTER
WITH A DUEL.
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
YOU'RE SCARED?!
[WHIMPERS]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪&
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: THEY'RE GONNA
TEAR DOWN OUR DORM!?
Bastion:
ARE YOU CERTAIN?
Hassleberry:: WHO'S YOUR
SOURCE, PRIVATE?!
Alexis: GUYS,
ONE AT A TIME!
I HEARD THEM!
CROWLER AND BONAPARTE
WERE ARGUING
ABOUT IT
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM!
THEY SAID
THE RED DORM HAS TO GO!
COME ON. THEY'VE
BEEN THREATENING
TO DO THAT
ALL YEAR, SYRUS.
YEAH, THEY'RE
ALL TALK.
Crowler: MUST WE DUEL
IN FRONT OF THE STUDENTS?
POURQUOI?
HAVING SECOND THOUGHTS?
HARDLY!
I JUST THINK
AT LEAST IN PUBLIC
WE SHOULD APPEAR
TO BE IN AGREEMENT!
WE ARE!
WE AGREED TO DUEL!
YOU AND I ARE
A UNIFIED FRONT!
FINE, PREPARE TO
EAT DIRT, SHORTY.
YOU TOO, AMAZON.
HOLD ON!
THEY'RE GONNA DUEL?
THAT MUST MEAN THAT
CROWLER'S DEFENDING US!
WHAT!?
HE'S THE ENEMY!
WELL APPARENTLY HE'S
FOUND ANOTHER ENEMY.
CROWLER VERSUS BONAPARTE!?
AWESOME!
TALK ABOUT A SWEET DUEL!
HMPH. HOW LAME.
REMEMBER,
MONSIEUR CROWLER,
WHEN I WIN IT'S AU REVOIR
TO THE SLIFER REDS!
SO EXPLAIN THIS
TO ME AGAIN.
WHICH ONE OF THESE
GUYS SHOULD I ROOT FOR?
CROWLER!
'CAUSE IF BONAPARTE
WINS THIS,
THEN WE WON'T HAVE
A PLACE TO LIVE!
SO CROWLER GOOD,
BONAPARTE BAD.
COME ON, CHANCELLOR!
TIME TO KICK SOME
VICE-CHANCELLOR BUTT!
HUH?
WHO ARE THEY?
AND WHAT
IS THAT?
RED, YELLOW, BLUE?
NONE OF IT MAKES
ANY DIFFERENCE NOW.
'CAUSE SOON... EVERY KID IN
THIS SCHOOL WILL LEAVE
THEIR DORM AND JOIN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
HA HA HA!
Bonaparte: THIS IS
YOUR LAST CHANCE TO
SAVE FACE, CROWLER!!
NOT THAT ANYTHING
CAN SAVE YOUR FACE.
BUT SURRENDER NOW
AND I WON'T EMBARRASS YOU!!
THE EMBARRASSMENT
WILL BE MINE!
UH, WHAT I MEAN IS
IF ANYONE'S GOING
TO BE EMBARRASSED
IT'S ME!
UH, EMBARRASSED
THAT I EVER HIRED YOU!
YES, THAT'S IT!
HE'S GOT A WAY
WITH WORDS.
NOT REALLY.
I HEARD THAT!
LOOK I DON'T CARE
ABOUT THESE BRATS!
THIS DUEL IS ABOUT
SHUTTING YOU UP,
NOT SAVING DORMS!
BRING IT ON, MON AMI!
LET THE REVOLUTION...
BEGIN!!
YOU'RE SUCH
A DRAMATIC
LITTLE MAN.
BUT SAVE
THE SCREAMING
FOR THE END.
WELL FINE!
I'LL START WITH MY
TOY SOLDIER IN ATTACK MODE!
HA HA! CUTE LITTLE GUY,
DONCHA THINK?
DON'T BE FOOLED.
IT'S DANGEROUS.
DANGEROUS INDEED,
MADEMOISELLE!
NOW, THEN!
I PLACE THREE CARDS DOWN,
AND I END MY TURN!
HUMBLE START!
BUT I'M
NOT SURPRISED.
I PLAY THIS!
MY GRACEFUL
CHARITY SPELL!
YOU KNOW THE DRILL.
I DRAW THREE CARDS
FROM MY DECK
AND THEN SEND TWO
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
MM-HMM.
NOW I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
PREMATURE BURIAL!
SO ALL I NEED TO
DO IS RELINQUISH
800 POINTS.
AND THEN... WELL,
YOU KNOW WHAT
HAPPENS NEXT.
A MONSTER RETURNS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
LIKE THE TROJAN HORSE!
BY THE WAY, EVERY TIME
YOU LOSE A FEW
LIFE POINTS,
MY, UH, "DEMOLITION CREW"
WILL TAKE AWAY A PIECE
OF THAT DORM!
AAH!
[GROANS]
HEY. WHAT'S THE DEAL?
Hassleberry:
WELL, I GUESS
WE KNOW WHY
THAT GIANT STEAM
SHOVEL'S HERE.
OUI, OUI, MON FRERE!
THE MORE LIFE POINTS
THE CHANCELLOR LOSES,
THE MORE THAT SHOVEL
TEARS INTO YOUR DORM!
BUT YOU'RE GETTING
AHEAD OF YOURSELF,
BONAPARTE!
IT'S STILL MY TURN!
AND GET THIS!
IF I CHOOSE TO
SUMMON AN EARTH
ATTRIBUTE MONSTER,
I GET A BONUS.
MY TROJAN HORSE
WILL COUNT AS
TWO SACRIFICES!
SACRE BLEU!
SAVE YOUR FRENCH
EXCLAMATIONS...
FOR THIS!
MY ANCIENT
GEAR GOLEM!
THAT'S A HECK
OF A FRONT LINE!
S'IL VOUS PLAIT!
THAT OUTDATED HUNK
'A JUNK ISN'T
SCARING ANYONE, CROWLER!
BESIDES, TACTICS
ARE WHAT COUNT!
AND MY ARMY IS
WELL PREPARED!
YOU HAVE
ONE SOLDIER!
ONE SOLDIER
AND A CANNON!
HUH?
TOY CANNON!
AND NOW, THANKS
TO MY CANNON,
YOUR RUSTY, OLD
MONSTER IS FORCED
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
READY!
AIM!
NOW FIRE!!
AAH!
OHH!
NOT BAD.
FOR A TOY.
NOW FOR THE BEST PART!
TOY CANNON TAKES AWAY
400 OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
YOU IN THE SHOVEL!
GIVE THAT DORM
ANOTHER THRASH!
YOU GOT IT, MR. B!
YAAH!
Bonaparte:
TRES FANTASTIQUE!
WHO KNEW I COULD
DESTROY THE RED DORM
AND PUT YOU
IN YOUR PLACE
ALL IN ONE
FUN-FILLED DUEL!
I'M TELLIN' YA,
MONSIEUR,
THIS IS THE STUFF THAT
DREAMS ARE MADE OF.
AND HERE'S MORE!
TRAP CARD DEUX!
GO GET 'IM,
GULLIVER CHAIN!
HEY!
MY GEAR GOLEM!
LISTEN UP!
SHOULD YOU
TRY SWITCHING
THAT OVERSIZED SCRAP
HEAP TO ATTACK MODE,
THE ENTIRE THING WILL
BE RIPPED TO SHREDS!
NOW YOU CAN EITHER
STARE INTO SPACE,
OR YOU CAN END
YOUR TURN.
HA HA HA!
ALRIGHT! THANK YOU!
I'M QUITE AWARE!
COME ON. CROWLER
HAD HIM RIGHT WHERE
HE WANTED HIM!
SUMMONING THAT
GEAR GOLEM
TO THE FIELD
WAS NO EASY TASK!
WHO CARES?
BONAPARTE RENDERED IT
PRACTICALLY USELESS
WITH JUST ONE MOVE!
HE'S GOOD.
HE SURE IS.
WAY TO GO, BONAPARTE!
WHATTA YA DOING?
HE'S THE ENEMY!
IF HE WINS, THEN OUR
HEADQUARTERS ARE GONE!
Jaden: OH, YEAH.
All: LET'S GO CROWLER!
LOSERS.
LET'S GO CROWLER!
I THINK I LIKED IT
BETTER WHEN
THEY HATED ME.
MONSIEUR!
MY MOVE!
I FORGOT TO MENTION
ONE THING!
IF MY TOY SOLDIER IS
ON THE FIELD
DURING A CHANGE
OF TURNS...
I CAN AUTOMATICALLY
DRAW TWO MORE TOY SOLDIERS
FROM MY DECK AND SUMMON
THEM TO THE FIELD!
MY SOLDIERS MAY BE SHORT,
BUT THE BEST THINGS
COME IN SMALL PACKAGES!
YOU'LL SEE!
I'M DEDICATING THIS DUEL
TO EVERYONE WHO EVER
MADE FUN OF MY HEIGHT!
BEING TALL IS
NO PICNIC!
CRY ME A RIVER!
TALL PEOPLE HAVE IT MADE.
ANYONE EVER REST
A DRINK ON YOUR HEAD!?
TRUST ME, MY CHILDHOOD
WAS WAY MORE TRAUMATIC
THAN YOURS WAS.
BUT THAT'S ALL
IN THE PAST.
BECAUSE IN THIS BATTLE
I'M TEN FEET TALL!
AND I'M GONNA CRUSH YOU
LIKE A COCKROACH!
HA! GUESS AGAIN!
IF ANYONE'S GOING
TO BE CRUSHED,
THEN IT'LL BE ME!
NO, I MEAN,
YOU'LL BE DOING
ALL THE CRUSHING
AROUND HERE!
THAT'S RIGHT!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE THIS!
MY FORCED MARCH!
AND THAT MEANS...
MY LITTLE WOODEN
BATTALION GETS TO STORM
THE BATTLEFIELD!
FEAST YOUR EYES
ON THE MARCH
OF THE TOY SOLDIERS!
PREPARE TO MOVE,
TROOPS!
NOW CHARGE!
CHARGE! CHARGE!!
OHH! WHAT!?
SEE THAT!
YOU PUSHED YOUR
MEN TOO HARD!
NOW THEY'RE ALL
TUCKERED OUT!
BUT OF COURSE!
THIS IS ALL PART
OF MY MASTER PLAN.
I'M LOST.
ME, TOO.
ANY THOUGHTS, JAY?
THIS DUEL IS SO SWEET!
Bonaparte: I ACTIVATE
FIFE AND DRUM CORP!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU
I HAD A PLAN?
THOSE INSTRUMENTS JUST
DOUBLED MY SOLDIERS'
ATTACK POINTS!
DON'TCHA LOVE
A MARCHING BAND?!
OHH!
ALRIGHT, SOLDIERS!
CARRY ON
WITH YOUR ATTACK!
READY, AIM, FIRE!!
I WOULDN'T WANNA
BE CROWLER.
THAT SMARTS!
UNH!
NO MORE.
THAT DIDN'T
LOOK LIKE FUN.
YOU CAN SAY
THAT AGAIN.
HA HA HA!
THAT CUT YOU
DOWN TO SIZE!
WHATTA YA THINK
OF THE WORLD
FROM DOWN HERE?
I'M NOT GONNA SIT
HERE AND TAKE THIS!
I'M STANDING TALL!
WELL, MAYBE
I'LL SIT JUST
A LITTLE LONGER.
THEN I'LL
STAND TALL.
WOW. THE POOR
GUY'S DEVASTATED.
LOOKS GRIM.
CROWLER'LL PULL THROUGH.
I'M TRYING TO PAINT,
HERE, PEOPLE!
HUH?
Bonaparte:
I'M NOT DONE!
NOW IT'S TIME TO IMPLEMENT
THE UNEQUAL TREATY!
UNDER THIS PACT,
EVERY TIME YOU DRAW
A CARD FROM YOUR DECK,
YOU AGREE TO LOSE
A HUNDRED POINTS!
AS FOR MOI?
YOUR LIFE POINTS LOST
BECOME MY
LIFE POINTS GAINED.
STOP LOOKING AT ME
LIKE THAT.
THERE IS NO MERCY
IN WAR!!
TO END MY TURN,
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN.
HA HA HA!
CAN'T YOU SEE?
I KNOW EVERY ONE
OF YOUR STRATEGIES!
I'VE WATCHED YOU DUEL
AND STUDIED YOUR MOVES!
[THINKING]
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
HIM DUEL.
AND ARE MY
STRATEGIES REALLY
SO PREDICTABLE?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO NEXT.
Jaden: COME ON,
CHANCELLOR!
REMEMBER WHAT YOU
TAUGHT US!?
GREAT DUELISTS THINK
ON THEIR FEET!
WHEN YOUR OLD
STRATEGIES STOP WORKING,
TRY SOME NEW ONES!
BONAPARTE...
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
MAKES A GOOD TEACHER
A GREAT TEACHER?
JUST DUEL!
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR YOUR RIDDLES,
CHANCELLOR!
STOP TRYING TO STALL!
I HAVE A DORM
TO CRUSH!!
MY DEAR COLLEAGUE,
I'VE TAUGHT ALL
SORTS OF STUDENTS
THROUGHOUT MY
MANY YEARS AS
AN EDUCATOR.
AND THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING
I'VE DISCOVERED
THROUGH THAT EXPERIENCE
IS THIS...
A GOOD... NO...
A GREAT TEACHER
IS ONE THAT CAN LEARN
FROM HIS STUDENTS.
ABSOLUTE POPPYCOCK!
VERY WELL.
THEN LET'S GET
ON WITH THE DUEL.
AS I RECALL,
IT'S MY MOVE!
OH, CHANCELLOR!
DID YOU FORGET
THE PROVISIONS
OF OUR TREATY?
SINCE YOU DREW YOU LOSE
A HUNDRED LIFE POINTS!
AND I'LL HAPPILY
TAKE THEM, SO MERCI!
MAGNIFICIQUE!
JUST LOOK!
YOU'RE DOWN TO A MEASLY
300 LIFE POINTS!
IT'S NOT OVER
'TIL IT ENDS!
A STUDENT
TAUGHT ME THAT.
SO I PLAY THIS!
MY ANCIENT
GEAR CASTLE!
[ALL GASP]
SO BIG WHUP. YOU PLAYED
A BIG SAND CASTLE!
WITH THIS SPELL,
ANY OF MY MONSTERS
WITH THE WORD
"ANCIENT"
IN THEIR NAME
GAINS 300
ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW I
SUMMON ANCIENT
GEAR SOLDIER!
AND NOW... JUST
TO MAKE THINGS
MORE INTERESTING,
I'LL ADD MY
ANCIENT GEAR TANK!
WITH THIS NEW
FANCY WEAPON OF HIS,
MY GEAR SOLDIER
GAINS A TOTAL
OF 600 POINTS!
ALRIGHT! SEND THOSE
BARGAIN BASEMENT TOYS
TO THE DISCOUNT RACK!
NOT QUITE!
[THINKING]
WAIT, I'VE MADE
A MAJOR FAUX PAS!
SINCE HE'S ATTACKING
WITH ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER,
I CAN'T ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD!
NOW, SINCE YOU'RE
DESTROYING THAT DORM,
I'LL REBUILD
WITH EVERY LIFE
POINT YOU LOSE!
OH, BOYS,
DO YOUR THING!
READY!?
OH, YEAH!
UH, HAND ME
THAT PLANK.
OH, I LOVE TO BUILD.
NOTHIN' I CAN'T DO
WITH A HAMMER.
OH. I'M COMING
ALONG NICELY.
AW, COME ON! PLEASE!
THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
NICE WORK, MEN!
THANKS A LOT.
AWESOME!
THOSE GUYS WORK FAST!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN!
OH, SO THAT'S HOW
IT'S GONNA BE!
WELL YOU ASKED FOR IT!
WATCH THIS!
I ACTIVATE CROWNING
OF THE EMPEROR!
NOW I CAN SACRIFICE
ONE TOY SOLDIER TO SUMMON
MY TOY EMPEROR!
AND THE BATTLE
WAGES ON!
TOY EMPEROR!
ATTACK HIS GEAR SOLDIER NOW!
[NEIGHS]
OH. AAH!
SORRY, BUT WHEN MY GEAR
TANK IS DESTROYED,
YOU, MY PUDGY
FRIEND, LOSE
600 LIFE POINTS!
[GROANING]
COME ON, MEN!
THIS DORM WON'T
BUILD ITSELF!
HEY! PARDONE MOI,
BUT I HAVE SOME BAD NEWS!
SEE, WHEN MY TOY EMPEROR
IS DISPATCHED INTO BATTLE,
I CAN TAKE ANY
TRAP CARD FROM MY DECK
AND INSTANTLY ADD IT
TO MY HAND, MON FRERE!
NOW TOY SOLDIER,
SWITCH TO DEFENSE MODE!
I'LL PLACE THIS FACEDOWN,
AND END MY TURN. HA!
[THINKING]
AS SOON AS HE
SUMMONS A NEW MONSTER,
I'LL SPRING
MY TRAP HOLE!
THEN IT'S AU REVOIR
RED DORM!
I DRAW!
WELL, FINE!
BUT IT'S GONNA COST YOU
A HUNDRED LIFE POINTS!
DID YOU FORGET OUR
LITTLE UNEQUAL TREATY?
JUST A HUNDRED
POINTS LEFT!
SO GO AHEAD.
WHY DON'TCHA MAKE
YOUR FINAL MOVE!
[THINKING]
IT IS MY FINAL MOVE.
AND IT'LL END
IN HIS DEFEAT!
THIS GETS
COMPLICATED.
SO LISTEN UP.
I CAN SACRIFICE
MY CASTLE TO SUMMON
ANCIENT GEAR ENGINEER!
NORMALLY IT WOULD
REQUIRE TWO SACRIFICES,
BUT THANKS TO MY
CASTLE IT DOESN'T!
GOOD!!
A SUMMONING!
I WAS HOPING THAT
WOULD HAPPEN.
IT WON'T WORK!
WHAT!?
YOU WANT TO
ACTIVATE YOUR TRAP!
BUT MY ENGINEER
NEGATES ALL
TRAP CARDS!
YEAH? WELL,
YOU STILL CAN'T
DESTROY MY EMPEROR!
YOUR BIG HUNK
OF BOLTS DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS!
BIG DEAL.
I'LL GET
TO HIM LATER.
NOW, ANCIENT
GEAR ENGINEER,
ATTACK THAT
TOY SOLDIER!
YOU'RE ONLY DELAYING
THE INEVITABLE!
HA HA HA! I'M JUST
GETTING STARTED!
WHEN MY ANCIENT GEAR
ENGINEER DESTROYS
A MONSTER,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
THIS LETS ME DESTROY
ONE OF YOUR SPELL
OR TRAP CARDS!
SO BID ADIEU
TO YOUR PRECIOUS
GULLIVER CHAIN!
SWEETNESS!
WAY TO PLAY!
HA HA HA!
YOU'VE MADE
A STRATEGICAL FAUX PAS!
YOUR GEAR GOLEM IS
IN DEFENSE MODE!
EVERYONE KNOWS...
IT CAN'T CHANGE
MODES DURING BATTLE!
HE'S RIGHT!
WHAT CROWLER
SHOULD HAVE DONE
IS DESTROY
THAT TRAP CARD!
AS LONG AS IT'S
IN PLAY, HE WON'T
HAVE A NEXT TURN!
DON'T WORRY.
SOMETHING TELLS ME HE
WON'T NEED A NEXT TURN.
OH, BONAPARTE.
I HAVE BAD NEWS.
I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO MADE
THE FAUX PAS!
AAH!
I ACTIVATE MY ZERO
GRAVITY TRAP!
POURQUOI!?
DON'T YOU KNOW?
ALL CARDS
SWITCH MODES.
AND THAT
INCLUDES HIM!
AND LUCKILY FOR ME,
MY TURN DOESN'T SEEM
TO BE OVER JUST YET,
DOES IT?
IF I WERE YOU,
I'D WAVE THE LITTLE
WHITE FLAG!
NOW, BID YOUR LIFE
POINTS AU REVOIR!
NONSENSE!
MY EMPEROR'S
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO I'M SAFE!
TRY AGAIN.
YOU SEEM TO HAVE
FORGOTTEN SOMETHING.
IF A GEAR GOLEM
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THAT HAS LESS
DEFENSE POINTS
THAN GOLEM'S
ATTACK POINTS...
THEN THE DIFFERENCE COMES
OUT OF MY LIFE POINTS!
BUT MY STRATEGY
WAS FLAWLESS!
WHERE COULD I
HAVE GONE WRONG!?
HMPH! WELL, YOUR
FIRST MISTAKE
WAS CHALLENGING ME.
AND THEN YOU HAD
THE NERVE TO CALL
MY WORTHLESS
STUDENTS
"WORTHLESS"!
ONLY I CAN INSULT
THOSE SLACKERS!
HE'S DOES LIKE US.
WELL, I'LL BE.
GEAR GOLEM, ATTACK
HIS TOY EMPEROR NOW!
MECHANIZED MELEE!!
[WHEEZING]
WHEW!
WELL, THAT'S THAT.
Hassleberry:
EXCELLENT MANEUVERS!
AWESOME DUEL!
COME ON,
GIVE IT BACK TO ME!
HEH HEH! HEH HEH!
THIS PESKY ARTHRITIS.
THAT DUEL ROCKED!
WELL DONE,
GENERAL CROWLER!
GOOD SHOW, OLD MAN.
WHAT'S UP?
DID I MISS SOMETHING?
TASTY VITTLES, BOYS!
THANKS FOR ALL
YOUR HARD WORK!
THANK YOU, MA'AM!
THERE'S PLENTY MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM,
SO EAT UP.
Jaden: YOU KNOW,
SINCE THEY HAD TO
REBUILD THIS PLACE
ANYWAY,
I MEAN, THEY SHOULDA
SUPPED IT UP A BIT
OR SOMETHING.
IT COULD USE
A MAKEOVER!
Crowler: IT'S PERFECT!
FOR YOU THAT IS.
SECOND-RATE, JUST
LIKE YOUR DUELING.
AW, YOU'RE JUST
SAYIN' THAT.
ISN'T HE, SY?
DEEP DOWN,
CROWLER DIGS US.
NO JOKE.
OH, PLEASE.
SURELY YOU JEST!
YOU SLACKERS REPRESENT
EVERYTHING THAT'S MEDIOCRE
IN THIS WORL... AAH!
GET IT AWAY, GET IT AWAY,
GET IT AWAAAY!
THAT DORM'S INFESTED!
TEAR IT DOWN!
AAH! AAH!
OH, YEAH.
CROWLER LOVES US.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪